# OriginBX Open Project PGB rolling minute notes

## Date: 17 May 2021

**Initial voting PGB members:**
Ken Montgomery (CompTIA)
Todd Smith (KYG)
Tom Fahey (Accenture)

**Observers:**
Ben Stiling (Amazon), Brian Staples (Origin Experts Group), Chris Rubio (UPS),
Eduardo Vitor (Thomson Reuters), Elizabeth Connell (Thomson Reuters),
Jeremy Harris (Origin Experts Group), Kevin Cuddeback (Inveniam)
Srinivasan Sriram (Skuchain)

**Guests:** Carol Geyer (OASIS), Chet Ensign (OASIS), Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Regrets:**
Oswald Kuyler (International Chamber of Commerce), Kerry Rudy (Inveniam),
Lisa McAuley (Global Trade Professionals Alliance)

Notes: Claudia Rauch (OASIS)

**Agenda:**
* Welcome, roll call & introductions
  * Chet explains the importance of signing the eCLA in order to become a voting member of the PGB
* Election of Chair
  * Chet introduces the role of the PGB chair. Todd volunteers to chair the PGB.
    * Todd is voted chair of the PGB board
  * There is a possible role of co-chair, Todd invites the other PGB members to
    contact him if they want to step-up as  
* Launch Plan Review
  * Carol suggests that the official launch press release should be sent out on
    Tuesday, 25 May. There are still some quotes of sponsoring companies missing.
    Everyone is encouraged to send their quotes in by Thursday, 20 May.
  * Website at originbx-oasis.org is live now but still needs some finishing touches
  * Github organisation is also live at https://github.com/originbx-oasis.
    * **Action Item:** Claudia will send out invitations after the call
  * Chet explains the mailing lists, sign up here - to subscribe to the mailing
    list, send a blank email to originbx-oasis+subscribe@lists.oasis-open-projects.org
    and reply to the confirmation email. The message archive is at
    https://lists.oasis-open-projects.org/g/originbx-oasis/topics
* Set Meeting Schedule
  * Todd suggests PGB meetings on a monthly basis, but have the next one in two
    weeks time to get new members on-board soon
  * Todd explains the Technical Steering Committee (TSC), which will also have
    sector-led sub-committees. The TSC should be convened in the next PGB
    meeting. There will also be an Advisory Committee. There needs to be a
    written motion to determine how to establish the Advisory Committee.
      * Tom moves to approve the Chair working with OASIS staff to develop a proposal
        for establishing an OriginBX Advisory Panel. This motion is approved.
        * **Action Item:** Todd and Carol will work on the proposal for the Advisory Panel
* Any Other Business
  * Carol asks if the PGB wants OASIS to set up a Slack for the OP.
    Most of the group prefers Teams.
    * **Action item:** Todd will set up a Teams team.
  * There is a question about the number of observers. Chet notes that observers
    are free to sit in on PGB meetings but only to observe, not participate.
  * Chet explains that the PGB is mainly representatives of the Sponsors. The TSC
    is open to any contributor. The PGB must determine the rules for TSC membership
    and approve TSC members. There is a seat on the PGB for a representative
    appointed by the TSC. And the PGB has the option to establish seats for invited experts.
* Adjourn
